CSS  
1.  What are the main differences between external, internal, and inline CSS? 
	With inline CSS, a unique style is applied to a single element adding the styke attribute to the relevant element.
	While internal CSS is defined within the <style> element, inside the head section of an HTML page.
	And with esternal CSS all stylin rules are contained  in a .css file referenced in the HTML file using the <link> tag.
2.  What is the syntax for class and ID selectors? 
	.class-name
	#myID
3.  How would you apply a single rule to two different selectors? 
	Grouping selectors
4.  Given an element that has an id of title and a class of primary, how would you use both attributes for a single rule? 
	Chaining them
5.  What does the descendant combinator do? 
	Combines multiple related selectors to target the last one the is a child to the previous one.
6.  Between a rule that uses one class selector and a rule that uses three type selectors, which rule has the higher specificity? 
	The class selector one
7.  From inside to outside, what is the order of box-model properties? 
	Padding, border, margin
8.  What does the box-sizing CSS property do? 
	Box-sizing property helps regard or disregard the size of the padding or border of a box when setting height and width of an element/box.
9.  What is the difference between the standard and alternative box model? 
	Standard box model excludes the size of the border from the height and width of the box. Alternative model includes it, and so it takes up some space from the content box 
10. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between 2 elements? 
	Margin
11. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between the contents of an element and its border? 
	Padding
12. Would you use margin or padding if you wanted two elements to overlap each other? 
	Margin
13. What is the difference between a block element and an inline element? 
	Block elements are by default positioned on a new line, whilest inline elements appear right after the element is placed biside
14. What is the difference between an inline element and an inline-block element? 
	The padding and margin of an inline-block elements behaves like of a block element.
15. Is an h1 block or inline? 
	Block
16. Is button block or inline? 
	Inline
17. Is div block or inline? 
	Block
18. Is span block or inline? 
	Inline
19. What’s the difference between a flex container and a flex item? 
	A flex container is any element that has the property display: flex; on it, while a flex item is any element that’s located inside the flex container.
20. How do you create a flex item? 
	A flex item is created by turning it's parent into a flex container by setting the property display: flex; 
21. What are the 3 values defined in the shorthand flex property? 
	flex-grow, flex-shrink and flex-basis.
22. How do you make flex items arrange themselves vertically instead of horizontally? 
	Setting flex-direction:column;
23. What is the difference between justify-content and align-items? 
	Justify-content is based on the main axis while align-items is based the cross-axis of a container
24. How do you use flexbox to completely center a div inside a flex container? 
	Setting align-items:centre; to its flex container.
25. What’s the difference between justify-content: space-between and justify-content: space-around?
	element1-space-element2-space-element3
	space-element1-space-element2-space-element3-space